has happened to us
it's about love
hello very good kids once more
here the decks of life plus 93 and today
Wake up is a tutorial on how to cut
with one hand it's worth in the section
magic tutorials here I will upload everything
related to copying any
tutorial or flourish or in this case as
makes the video cut with one hand and for
last before I start saying that I
you can follow on twitter wrinkles
hand habit 23 below is the link the
description because follow me because there
he will also keep informed of the rise
of videos and also if you want
mention me some video that goes up and for
that I look at it check it and retweet it for
they see other people and also
can subscribe to your win and so
be more and more in this magic
saying this I usually say so much that he forgives
the voice that I have because I have a cold
and we're going to start doing the tutorial
how to have a hand for it already
shuffles divided into two mass towards
half to make it a little easier for
the people who say do this this
cut a good hand because this would
the position is worth the thumb in this
position here back middle of canceling in
this other and little finger the index to the
sides are worth the position normally
It is always the same and there 's always that
leaving in this position results
we simply take the top part
can even go up a little and
leaving that in the bottom part
I think that this step simply means
to practice a few times and
final has to come out piece
to the next step we do not have to
help from the index to upload
the package below
until it arrives and it's kind of like
campaign tub
she is simply leaving shots
as I said before these practices
you have to do it several times
and back maybe we will also be in
the same position to start it to
to work
if really already the health practices to
sky you can continue the border
well now we will take the part of the
half letting it fall badly
without a help from the other hand has been
more up
thus
for 300 percent but you have to
do a little more faster more visually
look attractive and beautiful and in this
position and we only have to do
cuts you can do the different way or
the circle of waters as
you know how to practice it a lot
Well, you know what is prevented
worth the diga is going to play that had for
be on twitter
you already know above and also above
greeting and once more decks
but how
Thank you